Error: TS not found with given ts number
Description: If the provided TS number does not exist in the system.

Error: Unable to process, TS is cancelled
Description: If the TS is already cancelled but a request is being raised for it.

Error: Unable to process, TS  in Draft
Description: If the TS is still in Draft status when a request is being raised.

Error: Unable to process, TS is not approved
Description: If the TS is not in Approved status.

Error: TS approved details not found
Description: If the system cannot find the approver details for the approved TS.

Error: TS approved position not found
Description: If the system cannot find the approved position for the approved TS.

Error: DDO data not mapped
Description: If the logged-in DDO is not mapped in the system.

Error: The following DDO office not having authority to create request
Description: If the logged-in DDO  is not in under the approver organization.

Error: The following position not having authority to create request
Description: If the logged-in position is not exists in mapped organization as org head.

Error: AS(AsNo) in draft/In-process
Description: If the TS is mapped to an AS (Administrative Sanction) that is still in Draft or In-Process status.

Error: Request(reqNo) already submitted with this TS no( tsNo)
Description: If a request has already been submitted with the same TS number and is in process.

Error: works ddo details not found for this TS no
Description: If the work mapped to this TS does not have DDO and HOA details defined.

Error: Unable to process, Bills are in draft/In-process
Description: If any bills have already been generated using this TS.

Error: Agreements(AgNo ) are in draft/In-process
Description: If the TS is linked to an Agreement that is still in Draft or In-Process status.

Error: Unable to process, The following Mbook Id's (MbookNo  ) are in draft/In-process
Description: If the MBooks linked to the TS's Agreement are in Draft or In-Process status.

Error: Final Bill's Exists for this TS
Description: If final bills have already been generated using this TS.

Error: DDO (ddocode  )  should be under TS executing department(departName)
Description: If the changed DDO is not present under TS executing department.

Error: DDO and HOA combination already mapped with this change DDo(ddocode) in TS
Description: If the changed DDO and HOA combination is already mapped in the TS.

Error: DDO (ddocode)and HOA(hoa) mapping not exist
Description: If the changed DDO code and the TS's existing HOA are not mapped in the system.

Error: TS Maker position not exist
Description: If the new TS maker's position is not found in the system.

Error: TS maker Position should be under this DDO (Change ddocode ) only.
Description: If the TS maker is not under the changed DDO.

Error: Unable to process, TS Work flow not assigned this position ID
Description: If the selected TS maker position is not assigned in the TS workflow.

Error: Agreement Maker position not exist
Description: If the new Agreement maker’s position is not found in the system.

Error: Agreement Details not found
Description: If Agreement data is not found in the system.

Error: Agreement maker Position should be under this DDO (Change ddocode) only.
Description: If the Agreement maker is not present in the changed DDO.

Error: Agreement maker Position should be under TS Executing Department only.
Description: If the Agreement maker is not present in the TS’s executing department.

Error: Unable to process, Agreement Work flow not assigned this position ID:
Description: If the selected Agreement maker is not configured in the Agreement workflow.

Error: Approved authority not found
Description: If the SE or ENC mapped to the current DDO and EE combination does not have a head of department assigned.

Error: Unable to submit, there is no change in DDO CODE
Description: If the changed DDO code is the same as the existing one.